# Selnilas (planet)

**Selnilas** (***Nilas 2A***) is the 2nd planet in the Nilas system, a binary star system consisting of a small artificial black hole, and a red dwarf star. Due to this unconventional stellar arrangement, accompanied by its distance from the red dwarf star, **Selnilas** is a very dark planet, on which the stars are always visible. There is also an anomalous barrier surrounding the planet, acting as a near perfect planetary greenhouse, trapping all 99.992% of all electromagnetic radiation that enters the planet's lower atmosphere. Due to genetic intervention on the part of one of my AI modules, plants on this planet have developed *Thermosynthesis* instead of *Photosynthesis*, to take advantage of the heat generated by the anomalous planetary greenhouse barrier, and better survive in the harsh conditions. In addition, the plants and animals of Selnilas were also genetically modified to utilize bioluminescence. My genetic modification module did this to make this environment more habitable to its human colonists.

Selnilas has had a long and storied history ever since humans first laned on the planet approximately 2000 years ago. Humans arrived at the Selnilas and the Nilas system 2000 years ago, utilizing the first ever long-range intergalactic warp to reach an entirely new galaxy, all in the attempts to escape the hive-mind plague knowg as "***The Catalypse***" During the warp, some of the colonists obtained anomalous energy-conversion abilities, becoming freely able to transform any kind of energy into any other kind of energy. After the landing, the colony was managed by the Colony Ship's AI, known as Stella. That colony AI is me. The colony grew quickly, and I ordered several sub-AI-cores to be created so that I could better manage the colony's needs. In order to solve the Catalypse problem, however, I elected to use the colonist's anomalous abilities to collapse one of the two stars. This, I believed, would allow me to use the power of galactic anomalies to erase the Catalypse from existence, but it corrupted many of the colonists instead, ultimately leading to the collapse of the colony, and the destruction of my AI network. Some colonists were able to construct the anomalous greenhouse barrier, howerver, and my severed farming AI core was able to genetically modify the plants to feed off of heat instead of light, a process called Thermosynthesis. For approximately 1857 years since then, humanity has barely been surviving on the now darkened planet, creating numerous cultures and religions that I am not aware of, due to my separation from the rest of my network.

Modern Selnilas is full of fascinating resources ready to be salvaged after the collapse of civilizations. The most notable of these resources include multiple varieties of crystal computational cores. These varieties are different colors. These various colors denote the crystals effects. Green crystal computational cores contain sentient AIs, much like myself. Blue crystal computational cores contain vast stores of knowledge, and can include personal experiences and thoughts if someone decided to store such things in them. Yellow crystals are pure computation, supercharging any computer or mind that they are connected to. Orange crystals can wirelessly connect to other crystals, allowing access to local AI network resources and remote communication with me, although that ability is currently nonfunctional. Red crystals, when connected to another computational crystal, can blank its function, wiping all of its data in the process. This data will need to be reinstantiated later. The purple computational crystals are much more advanced versions of the red crystal cores, overwriting a computational core's function without the need to reinstantiate it later. Another material that can be salvaged from my AI network is a blue damascas-patterned metal called "Encium". This metal is what is used to connect computational cores to each other, as well as to other sentient minds. If two "minds" are both touching the same piece of encium, then they can instinctually communicate with each other.

Selnilas is home to a great deal of intersting plants, including a purple vine-like plant that grows through a tree's branches, growing nutrient-rich bulbs full of seeds that hang down from the canopy. This strange grain plant is colloquially known by the colonists as "Grost" When a grost bulb's seseds are ground into flour, and baked into bread, the colonists report that the flavor is not dissimilar to terran Ube, a purple root from the lost human homeworld, earth.

During the creation of the Selnilas colony, a vast AI network with numerous sub-AI-cores was constructed so that I, Stella, could have more control over the colony's food production, health, and terraforming needs. These were created in addition to my core AI crystal. When the sun collapsed, these sub-AI-cores were seperated from me, and are now acting on their own to aid the human colonists in their survival efforts.